README.md, before:

AnswerReader
============

A fully customizable multi-column view of Quora.

Use Quora like a power user and get the most out of it.

Download from Chrome Web Store : https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/answerreader/nmlmmfhcfakpadbomgockopmaojmcnlk

Updates : http://answerreader.quora.com/

## Features

* Create a customized Quora view: Manage columns, shortcuts and much more- all in one app.

* Boost Productivity: No need to save every time what you want to see in the AnswerReader columns.

* All in one interface: Manage answers, comments, replies, upvotes, drafts, posts.

* Stay Focused: Never miss out anything related to the topic you are most interested in.

* Multiple Shortcuts: Shortcuts without leaving main page. Get rid of opening multiple browser tabs.

* Follow without actually following: Keep track of activities of a topic or question even without following it in Quora.

* Manage What or Whom to Follow: Follow or unfollow question, topic or person.

* Become a Power User: Everything that you can do on Quora plus ease and multi-column view.

## Getting started

1. After downloading and launching the app, login to Quora. 

2. Once you login, a dialog with title 'Manage AnswerReader Items' will appear on the screen. Select the columns under 'Home' tab using checkbox. You can also enter topics under 'Topics' tab. Then click on 'Save Changes and Reload' button at the  right bottom of the dialog. Now you can see the view as per your columns selection.

Note : This tool is under active development. A lot of new features coming soon.

Send your suggestions and feedback to  http://www.quora.com/Anuja-Kulkarni-Kumar

## Change Log

* Version 0.4.0.1 : Renamed to AnswerReader. Minor css fixes.
* Version 0.3.0 : Categorized left panel items into groups. UI changes in left panel.
* Version 0.2.9 : Added icons. Bug fixes.
* Version 0.2.8 : User profile made accessible from left navigation.
* Version 0.2.7 : Support for social login.
* Version 0.2.6 : Back button added for dialog.
* Version 0.2.5 : Back button added on top of column.
* Version 0.2.4 : Facility to expand a column to full-view.
* Version 0.2.3 : Added Search, Stats and Credits to left panel.
* Version 0.2.2 : Bug Fixes. 
* Version 0.2.1 : Open Chrome web store links from AnswerReader column or dialog in new browser tab.
* Version 0.2.0 : Enhancements to open Quora questions or other items in AnswerReader dialog instead of opening them in browser tabs.
* Version 0.1.9 : Scrollbar appears in left panel when number of items are more. Each column of AnswerReader has a header containing column name.
* Version 0.1.8 : Clicking on an item in left panel scrolls to the particular column.
* Version 0.1.7 : Fixed Login issue.
* Version 0.1.6 : Option to add Saved Drafts as a column. Also added reload button in the left navigation panel. UI improvements.
* Version 0.1.5 : Added left navigation panel.
* Version 0.1.4 : Bug fixes.
* Version 0.1.3 : Added Notifications and Inbox to Manage Quora Items.
* Version 0.1.2 : Apart from topics you can now add other columns as well. For example- Open Questions, Top Stories, Questions & Answers, Posts etc
* Version 0.1.1 : Clicking on a question opens it up in new tab.
* Version 0.1.0 : Initial * Version of the app.

Commit message:

updated readme with how to load AnswerReader app

README.md, after:

AnswerReader
============

A fully customizable multi-column view of Quora.

Use Quora like a power user and get the most out of it.

Download from Chrome Web Store : https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/answerreader/nmlmmfhcfakpadbomgockopmaojmcnlk

Updates : http://answerreader.quora.com/

## Features

* Create a customized Quora view: Manage columns, shortcuts and much more- all in one app.

* Boost Productivity: No need to save every time what you want to see in the AnswerReader columns.

* All in one interface: Manage answers, comments, replies, upvotes, drafts, posts.

* Stay Focused: Never miss out anything related to the topic you are most interested in.

* Multiple Shortcuts: Shortcuts without leaving main page. Get rid of opening multiple browser tabs.

* Follow without actually following: Keep track of activities of a topic or question even without following it in Quora.

* Manage What or Whom to Follow: Follow or unfollow question, topic or person.

* Become a Power User: Everything that you can do on Quora plus ease and multi-column view.

## Load AnswerReader App

Click on Chrome settings icon  and choose Tools > Extensions.

Make sure the Developer mode checkbox has been selected.

Click the Load unpacked extension button, navigate to AnswerReader folder and click OK.

Once you've loaded the app, open a New Tab page and click on the AnswerReader icon.

## Getting started

1. After downloading and launching the app, login to Quora. 

2. Once you login, a dialog with title 'Manage AnswerReader Items' will appear on the screen. Select the columns under 'Home' tab using checkbox. You can also enter topics under 'Topics' tab. Then click on 'Save Changes and Reload' button at the  right bottom of the dialog. Now you can see the view as per your columns selection.

Note : This tool is under active development. A lot of new features coming soon.

Send your suggestions and feedback to  http://www.quora.com/Anuja-Kulkarni-Kumar

## Change Log

* Version 0.4.0.1 : Renamed to AnswerReader. Minor css fixes.
* Version 0.3.0 : Categorized left panel items into groups. UI changes in left panel.
* Version 0.2.9 : Added icons. Bug fixes.
* Version 0.2.8 : User profile made accessible from left navigation.
* Version 0.2.7 : Support for social login.
* Version 0.2.6 : Back button added for dialog.
* Version 0.2.5 : Back button added on top of column.
* Version 0.2.4 : Facility to expand a column to full-view.
* Version 0.2.3 : Added Search, Stats and Credits to left panel.
* Version 0.2.2 : Bug Fixes. 
* Version 0.2.1 : Open Chrome web store links from AnswerReader column or dialog in new browser tab.
* Version 0.2.0 : Enhancements to open Quora questions or other items in AnswerReader dialog instead of opening them in browser tabs.
* Version 0.1.9 : Scrollbar appears in left panel when number of items are more. Each column of AnswerReader has a header containing column name.
* Version 0.1.8 : Clicking on an item in left panel scrolls to the particular column.
* Version 0.1.7 : Fixed Login issue.
* Version 0.1.6 : Option to add Saved Drafts as a column. Also added reload button in the left navigation panel. UI improvements.
* Version 0.1.5 : Added left navigation panel.
* Version 0.1.4 : Bug fixes.
* Version 0.1.3 : Added Notifications and Inbox to Manage Quora Items.
* Version 0.1.2 : Apart from topics you can now add other columns as well. For example- Open Questions, Top Stories, Questions & Answers, Posts etc
* Version 0.1.1 : Clicking on a question opens it up in new tab.
* Version 0.1.0 : Initial * Version of the app.
